Yuma: Last time,
on yu-Gi-Oh zexal...
CRASHBUG: Crashbug!
Mr. Kay: Time to go viral.
Buggy buggy buggy!
You guys know the legend behind
crashbug, right?
Crashbug's this little
electrical spirit... and he
likes to zap what he calls bugs.
Bugs are those feelings that get
in our way.
Caswell: Crashbug
doesn't actually exist.
Of course it
exists I've seen it.
-Tori: Look. Isn't that...?
-YUMA: Caswell...
Yeah, and he's acting
suspicious.
Hey, what are you doing?
[Gasps]
caught red-handed!
I'm not behind this,
I'm being used.
If I can pinpoint the location
this machine was just accessed
from, then we'll know where the
criminal is and... Wait...
there's our location!
Mr. Kay: You finally put
the pieces together.
Mr. Kay is the
criminal mastermind
behind the malicious virus!
[Laughing]
a number.
[together]: Let's duel!
Prepare to meet your defeat.
Here comes number 34!
Terror-Byte!
Kari: I've broken through the
viral program's firewall.
Now where's the
deactivation code?
In the end, you're going to
lose this duel, and I'm going to
infect the entire city's
control system.
And that's been the case
since the very beginning!
[♪...]
♪ if life is a game
they say I can't win ♪
♪ I'll never amount to nothin' ♪
♪ tear me down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
to challenge myself ♪
♪ they won't ever
break my fire ♪
♪ my dreams won't die
if I high-Five the sky ♪
♪ spread my wings take
off it's time to fly ♪
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a chance believe ♪
♪ Nothing will bring me down ♪
♪ no retreat when I
leave all my fears Behind ♪
♪ my future's still
alive inside ♪
♪ take a chance and
Chase my doubts away ♪
♪ believing gets me
through my darkest days ♪
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a breath my heart
will lead the way ♪
♪ take a chance, I'll
take a chance in today ♪
Mr. Kay: Your defeat is coming
yuma, I can assure you.
But for now, I place one card
facedown and end my turn.
Uhh okay, um lemme think,
lemme think...
COMPUTER: Attention. Viral
release will occur in
exactly 20 minutes.
Astral: It is my turn.
I can do this
by myself, astral!
Yuma keeps yelling and
screaming at someone
who clearly isn't there.
In the end, should we be
concerned about him?
No no, he's fine.
Don't worry, Caswell.
This is just what yuma's like
when he's really
feelin' the flow.
It's my turn. I draw!
I suggest that you summon
ganbara Knight.
Go away, and
duel your own duel!
A number card is on the
line here, yuma.
If we don't get that
number, I may fade away.
Oh, yeah? Well maybe I
should let him win then.
You need me, yuma.
You cannot duel without me.
You are not good enough.
Stop talking to me,
and just go away!
I'm not gonna do anything you
tell me to do in this duel.
Why would you disregard
my valuable advice?
If you tell me that I should
go to the right, then I'm gonna
break to the left.
You say I should bust out
ganbara Knight?
So I'll summon achacha Archer!
Bad move.
Fire away!
Aaahhh!
Woohooo!
See what I did?
I managed to damage
his life points.
Perhaps, but you missed out.
Huh?
If you had summoned ganbara
Knight as I advised you to,
you would have been able to
combine it with your golem,
and then xyz, summon utopia.
Oh, I hadn't thought
about that.
Unnhh, I mean it's all
part of my master plan.
You're messing
with my perfection.
But fortunately,
I've got a trap.
Damage vaccine Omega Max!
And since I just took damage, I
can use this card to regain all
the life points I just lost.
Are you telling me
my attack was pointless?
In a way, this entire duel is
pointless, my dear boy.
Someone like you can't defeat
someone like me.
Aaah, I can see my future now!
They're gonna think I was part
of this and they're gonna throw
me in jail for life!
I'm never gonna be valedictorian
and I'll never get a job and
yuma's running out of time and
that means...
I'm running out of time!
The deactivation code Should
be somewhere in the
vpn tunnels ahead.
I'm on to you, virus!
Ehh... I end my turn.
You accomplished nothing!
Just as I did on my last turn,
I can use my number Card's
overlay unit to seize control of
your monster!
Wait Wait, what?
no, no, hang on, don't, wait,
no, that's...
aaaahhh!
Arrrrh!
He got my gogogo Golem again!
If you had summoned utopia,
then he would not have been able
to take control of your golem.
-Really?
-Terror-Byte's ability allows
it to take control of a monster
with a certain level.
But xyz monsters like utopia
have ranks, not levels.
Understand?
You are clearly inexperienced.
You should listen to me.
Forget that.
So I take a little damage.
Big deal.
Gogogo golem's gonna
return to my field.
And when that happens...
-[laughing]
-Huh?
Do you seriously expect me to
use the same exact Strategy two
turns in a row?
This time around, I'm activating
-Two continuous spells!
-[crying]
do you know what a
continuous spell is?
It's just like a normal spell,
only its effect stays active for
as long as the card remains on
the field.
Now please Let me go back to
freaking out.
With infected mail
once a turn, any level-4
or below monster on my field
can attack you directly.
But after it attacks,
it's destroyed.
Oh no...
and since it's on my field,
I'm going to attack you with
your very own gogogo golem!
Aaahhh!
So sorry yuma, but now it's
time to say goodbye to your
precious golem.
Oh man, this is not good!
I'm afraid it gets worse!
for it's at this moment that my
second Continuous spell
activates.
Since infected mail destroyed
your golem, cracking slams you
with an additional 800
points of damage!
[laughing]
So what do ya' think of my
special patented terror-Byte
combo?
Uh well, I think your special
patented terro-Byte combo...
stinks.
Huh?
That's weird.
Uh... why are you more
see-Through than before?
Every time you lose life
points, I can feel my life force
fading.
Fading... like...
that must mean...
you weren't kidding.
"Failure is not an
option for me."
Yuma seems like he's lost
some of his enthusiasm.
Of course he's
lost his enthusiasm.
He's losing this duel.
He's gonna totally get me...
...uhh... I know...
Hey, yuma!
Huh?
Be like the, the Phoenix!
And rise from the ashes...
Why are you?
What are you?
Nah, forget the Phoenix.
Yeah, there's a Dragon in your
heart, yuma.
A... a... a... giant sleeping
DRAGON bird monster.
In the end, what I'm saying is
that you've got tremendous
potential inside of you.
Uh I do?
All you have to do is wake
that potential up and this duel
is yours!
Uhh... Thanks, uhh...
that's a really cool
thing for you to say.
Let's go.
Let's wake up the Dragon.
Observation number 6:
Praise motivates humans.
Yuma, I also have something I
have been meaning
to say to you.
What, astral?
You are illogical, and
you anger too easily.
You are clumsy and Lacking
athletic ability.
You are stubborn
too. And odd.
But these are all
excellent traits.
So earlier, when I said
you were inexperienced,
I meant to say - Incredible.
Yeah, right.
Now you're just making
fun of me!
What's that?
What's going on?
Why is the room moving?
Oh whoa...
the ceiling's opening.
We're we're going up, we're...
we're outside!
Are we going all
the way to the top?
Bingo!
The viral code Should be just
beyond that door.
Crash...
buuuggg!
You want a piece of me,
do ya'? bring it on.
You're about to learn a valuable
lesson. Never underestimate a
black belt in codebreaking!
Aaahhhh!
From up here,
we'll have the best view in the
city to witness the results of
the viral bug.
I'm placing one card facedown,
and ending my turn.
if yuma loses this duel,
I will fade away...
how can I get him
to listen to me?
"I'm not gonna do anything you
tell me to do in This duel!
If you tell me that I should go
to the right, then I'm gonna
break to the left!"
that gives me an idea...
here I go.
It's my turn!
I draw!
Ha, sweet!
I drew a great card.
Goblindbergh,
take to the skies!
This is what I call a very
promising development.
Because when goblindbergh comes
to the field, it can bring
another monster with it!
Yuma, use this opportunity to
summon zubaba Knight.
Thanks for the suggestion,
since you think I should
go with zubaba Knight,
I think I'll go with
ganbara Knight.
Whoa, I just realized...
they're both level 4.
That means
I can xyz summon utopia!
I am feeling the flow like you
would not believe.
I'm high-Fiving the sky, baby!
I'm not just in the zone,
there's like another zone inside
the zone, and that's the zone
I'm in!
Now check me out as I xyz
summon...
number 39, utopia!
Whoa, utopia.
Yuma, listen.
Do not lay down a trap card.
You're not skilled
enough to use one.
Not skilled enough?
I'm all about skill,
you floating bag of wind,
I'll show you.
I'm placing one card facedown.
It's all you, teach.
[boxing]
delete my entire hard drive
and erase my scoop, did ya?
I did it.
Bug... bug, bug!
It's my turn now!
And once again, I activate
terror-Byte's special ability.
This time, I'll be taking
control of achacha Archer.
Use your own
monsters for once.
Why should I?
Thanks to my terror-Byte combo,
I get so much more out of
turning your monsters
against you.
Because of Mr. Kay's combo,
Archer will go down, and then
take yuma down with him.
Aaah! You mean if this
succeeds, my goose is cooked?
Too bad utopia is so useless.
If only it had some ability...
Wait a second!
Utopia has the perfect ability.
I got an overlay unit for ya',
Mr. Kay.
Go ahead and hit me with your
best shot,
cause thanks to utopia,
I can put a stop to one
monster's attack.
Infected mail's effect only
activates when the monster's
direct attack succeeds.
Since utopia has stopped the
attack, not only is Archer safe,
But cracking will not be able
to activate either.
Ha, yeah. I can stop you from
pulling off your combo.
Well it seems I may have
underestimated you.
Yuma's been displaying some
rare bursts of intelligence.
It's probably the invisible
duelist telling him what to do.
You were serious about that?
Now your teacher has used up
all of his overlay units.
Nice.
You can't do your combo anymore.
You don't honestly think that
I failed to gauge your strategy
just now, do you, yuma?
Maybe.
You've managed to pave a new
road leading straight towards
my victory.
I now activate,
the bug switch Trap card!
When crashbug x, y and z are
in my graveyard, I switch one of
my monsters to summon super
crashbug in defense mode.
Super bugman: Super crash!
Oh, boy, that's a relief.
For a second there, I thought
you were busting out some huge
monster in attack mode.
Now why on earth would I go
and do something as ineffective
as that?
When I can activate super
crashbug's special ability.
Now all monsters in Attack mode
Swap their attack and
defense points!
Terror-Byte had 2900
defense points,
but now it's got 2900
attack points.
Ahh... are you serious?
It was strong before, but...
aw man, and now my
monsters are weaker.
And that means, it's the
perfect time to attack!
Go, terror-Byte.
Attack utopia!
-Don't Dodge this!
-I'm absolutely dodging it!
I'm activating utopia's ability.
By using up its last overlay
unit, I can stop your attack.
-Nice.
-No, not nice.
Now utopia's completely out of
overlay units!
Without those, yuma can't
prevent future attacks.
I place one card facedown,
and end my turn.
I think I know what that
facedown card is.
This will all be over
on my next turn.
Computer: Viral release will
occur in
approximately five minutes.
Terror-Byte is so much
stronger than my monsters now.
Mr. Kay is right.
If I don't beat him this turn,
then I'm done for.
Yuma, listen to me.
Whatever you do, do not use
zubaba Knight and achacha Archer
to xyz summon leviathan Dragon.
That is a bad idea.
Oh yeah... that's right,
I've got another number card.
And since you think
this is a bad idea,
then I think it's the
perfect idea.
Zubaba Knight: Zubaba Knight!
Now that my Knight is out and
about, I'm gonna overlay it with
achacha Archer to form the
overlay network.
Mr. Kay, I'd like to introduce
you to number 17,
leviathan Dragon.
[roaring]
interesting.
But you seem to have forgotten
about the effect super crashbug
will have.
Remember, the attack and defense
points of a monster in attack
mode are swapped.
Which means your leviathan
Dragon now has zero
attack points.
Ahh! All that effort and
excitement right down the drain.
See, I told you that
was a bad idea.
It's like when you told
me not to Dodge.
If I had just stood
there, then... ooohh...
"don't Dodge this!"
that was bad advice,
even for him.
"if you tell me that I should go
to the right, then I'm gonna
break to the left."
You were playing the opposite
game with me.
You should activate Thunder
short from your hand, yuma.
With that, your victory
will be assured.
Argghh...
no games this time.
If you don't do this,
I will vanish from this world.
From my hand, I'm activating
the thunder short spell card!
Thunder Short dishes out 500
points of damage for every
monster you have.
You can multiply big numbers,
right, Mr. Kay?
Arrghhh!
This isn't funny anymore.
Once again, I activate damage
vaccine Omega Max.
And once again, just as I did
before, I regain life points
equal to the damage I took.
I just can't make a
Dent in this guy.
I think you are forgetting
about your trap card.
Huh? My trap card?
Oh Yeah.
I activate the
overconfidence trap.
The, the what?
Since you regained life
points, I can destroy your
monster, or to put it in a way
a math teacher would understand,
what do you get when you
subtract super crashbug from
your field?
With super crashbug gone, all
the monsters on the field revert
back to their normal
attack and defense points.
This can't be!
Now terror-Byte has no
attack points.
Do your stuff,
leviathan Dragon.
Attack with
Shock Stream blast!
Aargghh!
And now utopia's
gonna bring it home!
Direct attack!
Rising Sun slash!
Aahhh!
Hooray!
You did it, yuma.
A miraculous
come-From-Behind victory.
[laughing and cheering]
I totally did it.
I beat my math teacher.
I'm somewhat amazed that we
pulled that off.
Hey, how did you know
that Mr. Kay was gonna restore
his life points like that?
Your math teacher was
aiming for perfection.
It became clear to me that your
teacher did not want to lose any
life points, that he would put
his desire to be perfect above
everything else.
So I reasoned he was going to
try to regain his life points
even if he did not
need to at the time.
This card contains a memory that
was once a part of me.
Number 34...
I remember
the place where I came from.
A different galaxy.
Astral world.
That is where I'm from.
That is all I remember.
Mr. Kay?
Mr. Kay. Wake up!
What are all
you guys doing here?
Hurry! You said you'd stop the
viral countdown thing!
The viral countdown?
I can't.
The viral release doesn't have a
cancellation code.
Are you serious?
You mean the city is doomed?
Haven't you
had enough?
Craaaash... bug!
I did it!
Huh? Why is the
clock still ticking?
Computer: 3... 2... 1...
aaaah!
Aahh, we're doomed!
It's all over.
What are you guys shouting
about over here?
Your virus!
Weren't you trying to crash the
city's systems and cause panic
and chaos?
Why would you think I'd
do something like that?
Uh everything
does seem normal.
I'll admit that during
my preparations, I accidentally
caused some trouble, but...
but what?
What did that program
do just now?
Ah, there we are.
You wanna know what I did?
Just put on your duel gazers and
look up at the sky.
This is getting
weirder and weirder...
whoa!
What is... is that...
EVERYBODY: There's a giant
crashbug in the sky!
I was looking at the patterns
in the city's night lights, and
I noticed that they seemed to be
forming an incredibly complex
matrix code.
With my duel gazer, I scanned
the pattern and realized it was
just one optical fragment away
from being an exact replica of
the crashbug q-Code.
And I realized the museum's
dome isn't normally
lit up at night.
So then all of this was just
you trying to turn on those
lights and make a giant crashbug
appear in the sky?
Yeah, you got it.
Well that's weird.
Yuma, look.
Your crashbug card.
You rubbing it in that you
beat me yesterday?
Read the description.
Boy a: Whoa, it's crashbug!
Girl A: Crashbug is the best!
Everybody: Yeah, crashbug,
alright!
Guess maybe I just wasn't
meant to have a big
scoop this week.
Crashbug is an electric
spirit that eats the bugs in our
lives. Sadness, doubt,
frustration, no bug is too big
for crashbug!"
"if you see crashbug on
the night of a full
moon, it brings you good luck."
Don't you get it yet?
In the end, Mr. Kay
just wanted everyone to
have good luck.
Observation number 7:
Number cards affect people.
They change them.
They seem to amplify
their individual wants
and desires, almost to the point
that they take over.
I need to remember that.